CS 225 Data Structures 
 	Team Contract (asdutt2-rmorus2-deeyab2) 
Communication 
1. Team Meetings: Our team will meet once a week every Thursdays 6-7 PM on Discord. During every meeting, one team member will be tasked to take down notes which will be stored as a Google document. 
2. Assistance: Team members can be contacted through GroupMe message channel or through   email: asdutt2@illinois.edu, rmorus2@illinois.edu, deeyab2@illinois.edu 
3. Respect: Each member will be assigned certain tasks after each meeting to be completed before the next meeting, and it will be the responsibility of the project lead to make sure each member completes their assigned task. The role of project lead will rotate amongst each member each week. During each meeting, each member must be willing to listen to the other members’ opinions as well as voice out their own thoughts if and when the need arises. 
Collaboration
1. Work Distribution: In order to ensure that work is distributed evenly across the group we will all assign ourselves one of the three search algorithms that we wish to implement as a group. While we will be assigned to work on these individually, during every meeting we will discuss issues any individual may have run into and will then come together to solve the problem. We will also remain flexible enough to help each other out. 
2. Time Commitment: To ensure equal commitment from each team member, we will devote as many hours as needed to reach certain goals for each of our search algorithms as scheduled for each week. As we plan to meet multiple times per week it is a good opportunity to continuously update our teammates with the progress towards the week’s goal, and to see if each team member is making good progress towards reaching that goal. However if a team member is habitually not completing their tasks, they may be asked – politely – to explain their circumstances. Based on their explanation further actions, such as alerting a staff member, may be taken on a case by case basis decided by the other team members. 
3. Conflict Resolution: All conflicts within the team will be decided by a rock-paper-scissors game. For situations where a team member has not finished their task, we can work on their assigned task collectively in the next team meeting before distributing any future work. 
If this was an MD file, each of us would sign our names here at the bottom with an electronic signature and a separate github commit over the same document. 

